
--- PAGE 1 RAW TEXT ---
NATIONAL HEAVY VEHICLE ACCREDITATION
AUDIT SUMMARY REPORT
Tick as appropriate
NHVAS Mass X Entry Audit
Maintenance Initial Compliance Audit X
Basic Fatigue Compliance Audit
Advanced Fatigue Spot Check
Triggered Audit
Audit Information
Date of Audit 11th November 2022
Location of audit 252 Weavers Road, Stansbury, SA, 5582
Auditor name Jodie Jones
Audit Matrix Identifier Simon Anderson
(Name or Number)
Auditor Exemplar Global Reg No. 121912 expiry Date: 07.08.2023
NHVR Auditor Registration Number 103 expiry Date: 04.01.2025
Operator Information
Operator name Holland Park Nominees Pty Ltd
(Legal entity)
NHVAS Accreditation No. NHVAS512327
(If applicable)
Registered trading name/s
Australian Company Number 0 0 8 1 5 1 2 3 7
NHVAS Manual (Policies and CJ Enterprises, V1, 032022
Procedures) developed by
Operator contact details
Operator business address 252 Weavers Road, Stansbury, SA, 5582
Operator Postal address PO Box 177, Stansbury, SA, 5582
Email address ilfracoombe3@bigpond.com
Operator Telephone Number 0439 424 499
Page 1 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 2 RAW TEXT ---
NHVAS AUDIT SUMMARY REPORT
Attendance List (Names and Position Titles)
Simon Anderson - Director
Jodie Jones - Auditor
Nature of the Operators Business (Summary):
Holland Park Nominees is a family run farm located in Stansbury in regional South Australia.
It is run by Simon Anderson.
The family harvest grain and cart it to the local silos. They crop approximately 3500 acres
annually. The vehicle travels approximately 15,000kms each year.
Expiry Date: 01.04.2022
Accreditation Vehicle Summary
Number of powered vehicles 1 Number of trailing vehicles
Compliance Codes
V Conformance Verified TNC Transitional Non-Conformance requiring
rectification
SFI Suggestion For Improvement NC Non-Conformance requiring rectification
NA Not Assessed at this Audit NAP Not Applicable
Corrective Action Request Identification
Title Abbreviation Description
A standard has not been met and requires
Corrective action request CAR
corrective action
Transitional A new or changed standard has not been
TCAR
Corrective action request met and requires corrective action
Page 2 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 3 RAW TEXT ---
NHVAS AUDIT SUMMARY REPORT
TNC type TCARs for mass management may use a conditional close out date of “by next audit”.
MASS MANAGEMENT
Compliance Corrective Action Conditional Unconditional
REQUIREMENT OF
Codes Request Number Closeout Closeout
STANDARD
(CAR) or (TCAR) Date Date
Std 1. Responsibilities V
Std 2. Vehicle Control V
Std 3. Vehicle Use V
Std 4. Records and V
Documentation
Std 5. Verification V
Std 6. Internal Review V
Std 7. Training and V
Education
Std 8. Maintenance of V
Suspension
Page 3 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 4 RAW TEXT ---
AUDIT OBSERVATIONS AND COMMENTS
MASS MANAGEMENT SUMMARY OF AUDIT FINDINGS
Provide a summary of findings based on the evidence gathered during the audit.
Refer to audit matrix for details of evidence that supports the opinion represented in this report.
MASS MANAGEMENT DETAILS
Std 1. Responsibilities All responsibilities are detailed throughout the system.
(Review authorities, responsibilities, and Mr Anderson, as manager has responsibility to ensure
duties for the mass management system.
compliance with all mass procedures, ensure on
Ensure that each is current, clearly
board weighing equipment is tested on a regular
defined, well documented and tasks rest
with the appropriate people). basis, ensure vehicles are made available for regular
maintenance, ensure all issued labels are correctly
attached and to ensure all staff are trained in their
responsibility to the mass system.
The manager is also responsible to check and file all
records, conduct reviews, maintain the vehicle list
and record any non-conformances which may occur.
Drivers are responsible to complete all
documentation, ensure all routes travelled are
gazetted and deliberately under load if any doubt
arises.
Compliance was of a good standard.
Std 2. Vehicle Control A simple register of vehicles operated by the business
(Review comprehensive register of on the mass management program is maintained by
nominated vehicles (including sub-
the manager as a hard copy.
contractors) Ensure that nominated
The vehicle list showed the allowable weights for each
vehicles have the technical specifications
and mass authorisations (if required) to use vehicle.
the road network).
The vehicles listed on the mass management program
were suitably rated and registered to carry the
increased weights available.
Compliance was of a good standard.
Page 4 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 5 RAW TEXT ---
MASS MANAGEMENT DETAILS
Std 3. Vehicle Use The company has detailed procedures describing the
(Review procedures/policy, documented steps to be taken for checking of the load weights
instructions that objectively demonstrate
prior to departure.
how vehicle mass is weighed/assessed
All loads are checked either using gauges or by a
prior to departure. The system incorporates
provisions for ensuring axle and gross weighbridge on site when loading.
weights are not exceeded)
A daily workbook was sighted which allowed for all
required details to be recorded.
Staff had a good understanding of the required
information to be recorded.
It is company policy that no vehicle is permitted to
depart overloaded under any circumstances.
Where a vehicle has been identified to be
overloaded a non-conformance is raised and it is
brought to the attention of the driver.
Compliance was of a good standard.
Std 4. Records and Documentation One copy of the mass procedures manual is in the
(Review availability of the documented office and available to all staff involved in the mass
mass management system, and ensure the
program.
following trip records are kept and
Mr Anderson, as the manager, is the person
maintained:
 Vehicle identifier responsible to check and maintain records relevant to
 Measured weight (mass of vehicle) the mass program.
 Register of contraventions Document and records procedures identify that the
 Date and time of trip)
records shall be stored for a minimum of three years.
Records viewed on the day of the audit included:
 Vehicle list
 Company procedures
 Weight records
 Internal review and quarterly compliance forms.
 Training records
 Service records
Compliance was of a good standard.
Std 5. Verification The verification is completed by checking the gauges
(Review procedures/policy, including against a weigh bridge.
method used to verify weight of vehicle Procedures state that weights will be verified using a
and load, the frequency at which
registered weighbridge.
verification is performed, how the
Training records and interview confirmed staff had a
verification process allows for different
types of measurement methods) good understanding of the requirements.
Compliance was of a good standard.
Page 5 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 6 RAW TEXT ---
MASS MANAGEMENT DETAILS
Std 6. Internal Review Internal review and quarterly compliance procedures
(Review procedures/policy, evidence of in the manual were detailed and easy to follow.
completion of Compliance Statements Administration is responsible to conduct internal
and Internal Reviews, including the
reviews, quarterly compliances and record any non-
number of mass breaches, records of any
conformances.
NCRs raised and CARs to eliminate
recurrence) The review is to be completed every 12 months in line
with the accreditation period – this was dated 31st
October 2022 – no non-conformances had been
recorded during the audit period.
Quarterly compliance statements were available and
the latest was dated 31st October 2022 – 28 loads at
higher mass limits (fertiliser and grain) no overloads.
Compliance was of a good standard.
Std 7. Training and Education Procedures for the training of all personnel involved in
(Review procedures/policy, the mass management program are in the manual.
appropriateness of training, evidence of All staff have a good understanding of the mass
training records and identification of
management system and have training records.
responsible person)
Training records were available at time of audit.
Compliance was of a good standard.
Std 8. Maintenance of Suspension The manual has procedures explaining the
(Review procedures/policy, documented requirements of this standard.
evidence of:
Relevant forms for fault recording were sighted on the
 Suspension fault reporting/recording
day of the audit.
mechanism
 Assigning priority to suspension related A daily check list is available for reference in the
faults prime movers.
 The person responsible for
The company ensures the vehicle is serviced annually
monitoring/deferring a suspension
by an approved repairer.
fault is identified/recorded
 Upon completion of a suspension Mr Anderson ensures all repairs are completed and
fault, closeout details including test tested.
method is recorded)
Compliance was of a good standard.
Page 6 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 7 RAW TEXT ---
Vehicle Registration Numbers of Records Examined
MASS MANAGEMENT
Holland Park Nominees Pty Ltd
No. Registration Sub- Sub-contracted Weight RFS Suspension Suspension System Trip Records Fault Recording/
Number contractor Vehicles Verification Certification # Maintenance Reporting on
Statement of Records Suspension
Compliance System
1. XS70EW No No 01.04.22 – 31.10.22 RF2012 01.04.22 – 31.10.22 01.04.22 – 31.10.22 01.04.22 – 31.10.22
2.
Page 7 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 8 RAW TEXT ---
CORRECTIVE ACTION REQUEST (CAR)
Operator’s Name (legal entity)
Non-conformance type (please tick)
☐ ☐ ☐
Un-conditional Conditional Transitional
Non-conformance Information
Non-conformance agreed close out date
(Transitional CARS may use “before next audit”)
Module and Standard
Corrective Action Request (CAR) or (TCAR)
Number
Non-conformance and action taken
Corrective Action taken or to be taken by operator:
Operator or Position
Representative Signature
Date
Corrective Action Accepted and Recommended
Comments:
Auditor signature Date
Page 8 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 9 RAW TEXT ---
NHVAS APPROVED AUDITOR DECLARATION
Print Name NHVR or Exemplar Global
Auditor Registration Number
Jodie Jones 121912 / 103
Audit was conducted on 11th November 2022
Unconditional CARs closed out on:
Conditional CARs to be closed out by:
Conditional TCARs to be closed out by:
As an NHVAS Approved Auditor currently registered with the National Heavy Vehicle
Regulator I hereby certify that I have conducted this audit in accordance with the NHVAS
Business Rules and Standards, and
(print accreditation name)
Holland Park Nominees Pty Ltd
DOES
_________________________ (please state “does” or “does not”) meet all the requirements
of the NHVAS Business Rules and Standards for the modules identified in this report.
This management system I have audited when followed will ensure compliance with the
relevant NHVAS Business Rules & Standards.
AUDITOR SIGNATURE ___________________________________ DATE ____11.11.2022______
NOTE: A declaration that a system “does” meet all the requirements of the NHVAS Business
Rules and Standards refers to the status the operator’s system would have considered to be
in, after all CARs issued during the audit would have been closed out.
Page 9 of 9 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report

--- PAGE 10 OCR TEXT ---
Notionol Heavy Venicle Regulator

OPERATOR DECLARATION

Print Name | Position Title

Risse PAweT Som, | Mawnoger

| hereby acknowledge and agree with the findings detailed in this NHAVS Audit
Summary Report. | have read and understand the conditions applicable to the
Scheme, including the NHVAS Business Rules and Standards.

The management system | have in place will ensure compliance with the
relevant NHVAS Business Rules & Standards.

| hereby consent to information relating to my Accreditation to be shared with
other law enforcement agencies, including a service provider authorised under
the Heavy Vehicle National Law.

OPERATOR SIGNATURE Suncom Aho DATE ti /U/ 2%

Page | of I 202102-0277 NHVAS Audit Summary Report